Candy Replenishing Robot


Your submission will run against only preliminary test cases. Full test cases will run at the end of the day.
Alice is hosting a party! The party lasts for  minutes, and she puts out a bowl of  candies at the beginning of the party. During each minute , a person comes to the bowl and removes  candies.

Alice programs the following algorithm into her robot, Bob, to replenish the candy throughout the party:

If the party is ending (i.e., it's time ), do not refill the bowl.
If the bowl contains  candies at the end of minute  and , add  candies to the bowl.
For example, if , , and , then the candy bowl looks like this throughout the party:

image

Note that Bob doesn't replenish the bowl at the party's end, so a total of  candies were added during the party.

Given , , and the number of candies removed from the bowl during each minute, print the total number of new candies Bob adds to the bowl during the party.

Input Format

The first line contains two space-separated integers describing the respective values of  and . 
The second line contains  space-separated integers describing the respective values of .

Constraints

, where  is the number of candies in the bowl at the start of minute .
Output Format

Print the total number of new candies Bob adds to the bowl during the party.

Sample Input 0

8 4
3 1 7 5
Sample Output 0

11
Explanation 0

image

The party starts out with  candies in the bowl and the candies removed during each second are denoted by . We break down each minute of the party like so:

Remove  candies, so  candies remain.
Remove  candies, so  candies remain. Because the party is still going on, Bob refills the bowl by adding  new candies so it again contains  candies.
Remove  candies, so  candy remains. Because the party is still going on, Bob refills the bowl by adding  new candies so it again contains  candies.
Remove  candies, so  candies remain. Because the party is ending during this minute, Bob does not refill the bowl.
We then print the total number of candies added during the party, which is .